Registering	
	As a user I would like to log in/log out of this application to keep my information safe. In order to use this application, a user must first be able to register with 3rd party authentication, primarily a music related service. This will then allow personalized information about the user to be associated with their account. This leads to the assumption that a user must first make an account with a 3rd party music service prior to using this application.
	In order to register an account, they will be redirected to the 3rd party’s website that will allow them to enter their username and password. This tab should then close and redirect them to this application. A user should be able to login in a similar fashion. A user, despite who they are, will be directed to the same homepage. The page will be minimalist by design and contain several elements. The most significant being a broad search bar that takes up the majority of the page; this is where the user will be able to search for a variety of different pieces of music related information (see “searching” story). On the upper-right hand corner of the web page, the user can click on a few tabs that contain separate web pages that provide information personalized to them and their past use with the 3rd party web service and the application. If a user has a relatively new account with not much information to be displayed, a page should appear for each respective tab detailing this situation.
If users attempt to login with an account that is not properly registered, they should be met with an error message stating that the account does not exist.

Update
	As a user I would like to log in/log out of this application to keep my information safe. In order to use the application's extended functionalities, a user must first login with 3rd party authentication using their Spotify account. This will then allow personalized information about the user to be associated with their account. This leads to the assumption that a user must first make an account with a 3rd party music service prior to using this application.
	In order to register an account, they will be redirected to the 3rd party’s website that will allow them to enter their username and password. This tab should then close and redirect them to this application. A user should be able to login in a similar fashion. Registering should therefore give me some added functionalities such as rememebering certain information regarding which songs I like. For this, Spotify's liked songs will suffice.

Reason for revision:
We decided that requiring registration was too restrictive. However, users can still login via OAuth using their Spotify account.
